<h1> Neo Jie Xiang's Project Portfolio Page</h1>

<h3>Project: D.A.V.E.</h3>

D.A.V.E. is a leads and clients management tool for student financial advisors specifically in NUS, but can be used for all student financial advisors.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

- **New Feature**: Made the `Person` class abstract and created the `Client` and `Lead` subclasses.
  - What it does: Allows the `Client` and `Lead` classes to both possess features in common with `Person`, but have their own specific behavior.
  - Justification: This feature reduces code repetition and improves code quality as it follows the OOP model more closely.
  - Highlights: This feature had to be completed before all other features and commands can be implemented, and thus had to be carefully planned.
- **New Feature**: Added the ability to view all persons sorted by their meeting times.
  - What it does: This feature filters out the persons with a meeting time and displays them in chronological order.
  - Justification: This feature improves the user experience by allowing them to keep track of meeting times more easily.
- **New Feature**: Added the ability to directly add a meeting time to a person.
  - What it does: This feature allows users to directly add a meeting time to a person instead of doing it through the `edit` command.
  - Justification: This feature improves the user experience by providing a simpler and more direct way to add a meeting time.

- **Code contributed**: [RepoSense Link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2324s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=f08&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&since=2023-09-22&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&zFR=false&tabAuthor=jx124&tabRepo=AY2324S1-CS2103T-F08-2%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

- **Project Management**:
  - Managed release `v1.2` on GitHub.

- **Enhancement to existing features**:
  - Added test cases for features that I have implemented to increase test coverage.
  - Made the command datetime parsing strict to catch invalid date and time values entered.
  - Fix bug caused by calling `toString` on the wrong objects, which caused some tests to fail.
  - Fix bug caused by not checking if `keyMilestone` is null for leads after deserialization from JSON, which caused a `NullPointerException` on launch.

- **Documentation**:
  - User Guide:
    - Expanded the table of contents to include all commands and ensuring that the hyperlinks worked.
    - Added documentation for `addmeeting` and `sortmeeting`.
    - Fixed some of the broken tip and warning boxes.
  - Developer Guide:
    - Incorporated change to `Person` model and the new `Lead` and `Client` subclasses to the class diagrams.

- **Community**:
  - PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#88](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F08-2/tp/pull/88), [\#100](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F08-2/tp/pull/100), [\#113](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F08-2/tp/pull/113).
  - Created `type`, `severity`, and `priority` labels for issues.
  - Labelled relevant issues and added them to their milestones.

- **Tools**:
  - Created UML diagrams using PlantUML.
  - Used the GitHub CLI to check out and test the pull requests branches.
